And then everybody, it's okay, I wanted to show
for you here an attack
the attack I made on this life here with
a balloon level 3 tam is a simple attack
Is everyone there in the group have a good
level 3 and did not have much if they killed face
the problem is the following balloon is very
slow
so I wanted to show you here
the first thing we have to do is
do besides balloon is has some
wallets to attack and be alone having
the sides here so I wanted 10
hours was 10 wallets
I used two at each end here. I used two
here around the tower here
I know not but I used so good
put the replay here just to give a
look here to help you out there for us
always get three stars
two here and there but here on top of the
under the sac
I can ask one to put a balloon that
I worry about the tower mage who are
more strength
place close to that first marketing and
placed next to the other wizard as soon as
destroyed the game my balloon that I received
up here and will be just waiting
use a cure also when you notice
that good're running out here these here
bocce I have some healing is
enough to finish the game here
one more curve here in Kabul the rest is
only joy
one hour I'll put the two wallets
up here I always put
gesture can see where it has destroyed
part of almost everywhere here quiet
and destroy me
the bay does all the service
this balloon as I said level 3 then it is
very slow
the sub-11 a defense was a balloon era
here o
Almost almost I lost all the
balloons here quiet
did not have time to destroy everything
just throwing the party here
it's good to be level 3 it 's bad to be in this
standard of living here is calm
It is the 98 kabul 5 60
besides this life here I made another
also another attack
this same oil in the village 10 just try
Would go back here as nice as this life here
even easier and the other has two
bad fan here I need to
worry and in the case will be in goose has the
balloon that I received is 14 per
here below to end this
here with this withdraws and ended there did
the honda put the replay that also
let's see what happens here O
It's very simple with level 3 already doing all
this misfortune here with these people a
good deal how the then right
puts the healing done is over
won only there is only joy a good level 3
the first pole another balloon and you guys
You can still try whatever she wants
I got nothing came all
balloons now only spread this is
Strange everything so there is no secret
easy easy
just wait here you talk too
sucking only takes good has changed is
side
only there is one thing as well
slow
São Paulo is the compact queue so it is
Calm now, cielo. It was very big.
you will lose a lot of time a balloon if
moving from side to side and there
to see if it's worth using the balloon one
Moorish troop 95 98 and finally over
This is what I wanted to show you.
there
Thank you all and let's train
Let's train people, we did not lose.
none and still hopes not to lose too
I hug everyone there and see you next time.